README.md, before:

# VIVALDI_RUN

The "Vivaldi_Run" program is a 32-bit Windows application that runs in the background and does not require user intervention, except for the initial settings described later in this guide. The program is characterized by low consumption of PC resources, below the level of most extensions for the Google Chrome browser with similar functionality.

Purpose of the "Vivaldi_Run" program.

1) Launch the "VIVALDI" browser with the command-line parameters set by the user in the "VIVALDI_COMMAND_LINE.txt". 

2) Ensuring the functionality of buttons created by the user in the corresponding JS-mod on the "VIVALDI"  browser panels.
Providing the functionality of the buttons created by the user, the program "Vivaldi_Run", based on the commands given by the corresponding JS-mod, in fact emits user actions by pressing the keyboard shortcuts registered in the browser "VIVALDI" to call the corresponding functions of the browser "VIVALDI". The procedure for creating and using a JS mod will be described later in  User manual..




Программа "Vivaldi_Run" - это 32-разрядное приложение Windows, которое работает в фоновом режиме и не требует вмешательства пользователя, за исключением начальных настроек, описанных в Руководстве пользователя. Программа характеризуется низким потреблением ресурсов ПК, ниже уровня большинства расширений для браузера Google Chrome с похожими функциональными возможностями.

         Назначение программы "Vivaldi_Run".

1) Запуск браузера "VIVALDI" с параметрами командной строки, задаваемыми пользователем в файле "VIVALDI_COMMAND_LINE.txt". 

2) Обеспечение функциональности кнопок, создаваемых пользователем в соответствующем JS-моде, на панелях браузера "VIVALDI".
Обеспечивая функциональность кнопок, создаваемых пользователем, программа "Vivaldi_Run",  на основании команд подаваемых соответствующим JS-модом, по сути эмитирует действия пользователя, по нажатию зарегистрированных в браузере   "VIVALDI" сочетаний клавиш, для вызова соответствующих функций браузера "VIVALDI".

Commit message:

Implemented translation to the Vivaldi browser of command line parameters passed to the file "Vivaldi_Run.exe".
Implemented translation to the Vivaldi browser of command line parameters passed to the file
"Vivaldi_Run.exe".

The package includes reg files for registering the "Vivaldi_Run" program as a browser in WINDOWS.

README.md, after:

# VIVALDI_RUN

The "Vivaldi_Run" program is a 32-bit Windows application that runs in the background and does not require user intervention, except for the initial settings described later in this guide. The program is characterized by low consumption of PC resources, below the level of most extensions for the Google Chrome browser with similar functionality.

Purpose of the "Vivaldi_Run" program.

1)  Launch the "VIVALDI" browser with the command-line parameters set by the user in the file  "VIVALDI_COMMAND_LINE.txt" and / or the program launch shortcut "Vivaldi_Run".

2) Ensuring the functionality of buttons created by the user in the corresponding JS-mod on the "VIVALDI"  browser panels.
Providing the functionality of the buttons created by the user, the program "Vivaldi_Run", based on the commands given by the corresponding JS-mod, in fact emits user actions by pressing the keyboard shortcuts registered in the browser "VIVALDI" to call the corresponding functions of the browser "VIVALDI". The procedure for creating and using a JS mod will be described later in  User manual..


# VIVALDI_RUN

Программа "Vivaldi_Run" - это 32-разрядное приложение Windows, которое работает в фоновом режиме и не требует вмешательства пользователя, за исключением начальных настроек, описанных в Руководстве пользователя. Программа характеризуется низким потреблением ресурсов ПК, ниже уровня большинства расширений для браузера Google Chrome с похожими функциональными возможностями.

Назначение программы "Vivaldi_Run".

1) Запуск браузера "VIVALDI" с параметрами командной строки, задаваемыми пользователем в файле "VIVALDI_COMMAND_LINE.txt" и/или ярлыке запуска программы "Vivaldi_Run".

2) Обеспечение функциональности кнопок, создаваемых пользователем в соответствующем JS-моде, на панелях браузера "VIVALDI".
Обеспечивая функциональность кнопок, создаваемых пользователем, программа "Vivaldi_Run",  на основании команд подаваемых соответствующим JS-модом, по сути эмитирует действия пользователя, по нажатию зарегистрированных в браузере   "VIVALDI" сочетаний клавиш, для вызова соответствующих функций браузера "VIVALDI".
